[ Thud ]
[ Man ]
Previously on
Sons of Anarchy.
Load the M4s and glocks
on the truck.
Torch it.
Saw a lot of boot prints.
Gotta be the Mayans, man.
The M4s.
Gone.
As are most of the glocks.
- You gotta see somethin’ else.
- [ Clay ] Goddamn.
- Get rid of the bodies.
- [ Man ] Don’t want this
hittin’ A.T.F.’s radar.
[ Jax ]
I found a box
in the storage unit.
There’s, like, pictures
and journals.
Things I never knew about him.
When you and Dad hooked up,
he ever talk to you
about his vision?
About what he wanted
from the club?
Jax is goin’ through some shit.
He’s asking me
did he want to get into
running guns.
Tonight he said maybe
we shouldn’t rebuild
the factory.
I just wanna make sure
he’s following
in the right father’s footsteps.
We’ll have
all the Mayan intel
by the morning.
We’ll get our guns back.
[ Clay ]
Get the guns in the van.
Wire this shithole up.
[ Man Shouting,
Indistinct ]
[ Vehicle Approaching ]
Got the good shit.
There we go, boys.
Oh, these muffins are great
with tequila, Bobby.
Shit’s addictive.
Turning me into a fat bastard.
Turbinado sugar, organic flour,
no processed shit.
- Not that any of you
give a damn.
- You put hash in them?
You know my rule.
No bud before 9:00 a.m.
I don’t have that rule.
Morning, kids.
Deal with the Niners
has officially closed.
Spoke to Laroy,
and he is giddy...
- about his new assault rifles.
- [ Grunts ]
Like how we’re all about
racial harmony.
Spend it wisely, boys.
Might be a while before
we see any more gun green.
[ Chibs ]
I love the green.
All about the Benjamins!
Hey–
I just got an update
from my city hall snitch.
Looks like Hale’s
got a warrant to
search our warehouse.
[ Flies Buzzing ]
[ Sniffs ]
Shit.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
You’re a little outside
your jurisdiction,
aren’t you, Hale?
Well, something blows up
this close to your town,
it would be bad law enforcement
not to look into it.
Well, this is county property.
"Sanwa" sheriffs can
handle this.
You know this guy?
Rodrigo Carpio?
No.
Found him
in the debris basin.
Three bullets in his back.
Bluebird Supply business card
in his wallet.
From his rap sheet, I’m guessing
he was employed as security.
- No kidding?
- He died 50 yards
inside Charming.
Bluebird warehouse is part
of my murder investigation.
And that’s a warrant.
In case you’ve never
actually seen one.
Glad your boy’s
gonna be all right.
Yeah, thanks.
I’m sorry
about last night.
I should’ve had
that place leveled before
the Mayans ever got there.
Made a shit call.
Yeah, I’m the one who
should’ve been there...
blowing the shit up.
Should’ve never gone to Tahoe.
You know what?
Everything happens
for a reason.
We hadn’t hit that warehouse,
we never would’ve known...
about the Nord-Mayan hookup.
Right.
Gotta get this shit
to Rosen’s guy.
Need a big Jew brain
to figure out
these Bluebird losses.
Not this big Jew brain, baby.
I can barely count
my own fingers.
Gonna go see the kid later.
Okay, I’ll be there.
And I still wanna
do that dinner.
Maybe tomorrow night.
Sure.
Okay.
[ Exhales ]
Did he say anything...
about what he found
in storage?
Doesn’t matter.
He’s not his old man.
Stop worrying.
[ Phone Rings ]
Hello?
Right.
That was Unser.
Got a protection run tonight.
What?
I gotta tell you
something, man.
I mean, it could be bad.
It already is.
Those two dead Mexicans
in the warehouse hall–
I was hitting ’em.
Jesus Christ.
- Both of them?
- Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Kind of a taco "twofer" thing.
Tell me one of them
doesn’t have a bellyful
of "Tigger juice."
Afraid they both do.
You did time, shithead.
You are in the D.N.A. database.
Yeah, I know.
Forensics team gets
ahold of those bodies–
I’ll go pull ’em out of there.
Hale’s gonna be watching
that warehouse day and night.
Well, maybe Trammel
can sneak me in,
you know?
He’s a county sheriff.
He outranks
the local P.D., right?
Oh, you’re just gonna
stroll out of there...
with two dead Mexi whores
draped over your shoulders?
I’ll gut them dead bitches.
I’ll flush their bellies
with bleach.
No D.N.A.
What kind of nasty shit
did your mama do to you?
What do you mean?
[ Mechanical Whirring ]
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Hale ]
Got enough ammo in here
to give Halliburton a hard-on.
[ Grunts ]
Holy shit.
Jesus Christ.
Tape it off.
Nobody enters.
Get me the E.T.A.
on that forensic team.
Mr. Bluebird just flew
into a brand-new cage.
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world
all alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
What were you thinking,
brother?
I was thinking about
getting my dick sucked twice.
All anybody can prove...
is that a couple of
brownies swallowed your chum
and died hiding from the fire.
- You didn’t kill anybody.
- It’s not about
the manslaughter rap.
C.S.U. team tests
those bodies,
Tig’s D.N.A. puts
the gun factory
at our doorstep.
And then A.T.F. takes up
permanent residence
in our collective rectums.
That warehouse sits
on county property.
Hale’s gonna have to wait days
to get San Joaquin to shake
loose a forensic unit.
It’s a local case.
County won’t get involved.
Hale will just wind up
borrowing a crime scene
unit from Lodi.
Hey, Big Otto’s sister still
works for the A.D.A. in Lodi.
Yeah.
Call her.
See if there’s a forensic
team heading this way.
I gotta talk with Unser.
Maybe I can convince the chief
to put a leash on his
hyperactive deputy.
Unser’s just waiting
for the clock to run out.
That old boy’s a lame duck.
So your boy–
Not really a team player.
I’ve made several gestures
of friendship.
He’s declined every one.
Hale’s not interested
in friends.
He thinks Charming’s
stuck in 1969.
Wants to bring it
into the 21st century.
Hale is a half-bright clerk
with a Wyatt Earp complex.
Hardly seems like a guy
with a vision.
Don’t underestimate him.
He’s tight
with city council,
and his old man’s got
deep political ties
with Northern Cali.
Yeah.
But you’re the boss, right?
Come on, Clay.
Since they found
the cancer last year,
I got one foot out the door.
I mean, squad’s his now.
Be official
in a few weeks.
This uptight piece of shit is
gonna make our lives miserable.
Do you understand
what I’m saying?
There’s nothing
I can do about it.
Doctors, my wife–
They’re making me step down.
I’m sorry. It’s done.
Yeah, I’m sorry too.
This doesn’t mean
we can’t keep our
business arrangement.
Me and you– We had
a good thing going
for a lot of years.
We need each other.
Yes, we do.
What’s the run?
Got Blu-rays and iPods
heading down
to San Jose.
Goddamn niggers have been
jacking the shit out of them.
Keep your eyes open
on this one.
I’ll make sure
they get where they’re going.
How you doing, Jax?
Heard about Wendy and the baby.
I’m sorry.
Thanks.
You know, I took a ride
out to the streams today.
Saw that warehouse
that burned down.
Outside your jurisdiction,
ain’t it?
Did you ever hear of
a Bluebird Supply Company?
Apparently they hold
the title on that parcel.
- Never heard of ’em.
- Whole area was littered
with casings and gun parts.
That warehouse
was a weapons depot.
No kidding?
Chief Unser’s retiring
at the end of this month.
I’ll be stepping
into those shoes.
Unser’s always had a
"look the other way" policy
with the Sons of Anarchy.
Unser’s a lazy drunk.
I will not look
the other way, Jax.
Just a friendly heads-up.
We’re all free men
protected by the Constitution.
You look any way
you want, Chief.
[ Electronic Beeping ]
He’s moving around a lot more.
Yeah. All his vitals
are up.
Any permanent damage?
’Cause of the drugs–
Brain or anything?
Can’t know for sure.
But everything so far
points to full recovery.
How long is he gonna
be in that thing?
Could be weeks.
But he’ll be in the NICU
for at least
two or three months.
Hey, look.
I’m sorry about last night.
I wasn’t–
I really don’t want to know.
Right.
- What?
- Just figured you’d land a
million miles from this place.
You always hated it here.
No, I didn’t hate
Charming, Jax.
Just...
me in it at the time.
Yeah.
Looks like Wendy’s
gonna be okay.
Define "okay."
We’re taking her
through sedated detox.
She’ll be out
for a couple days.
You two–
Are you together?
No. I filed
over a year ago.
She got clean
about 10 months back.
We tried to reconcile.
Didn’t work out too well.
Well, looks like one
good thing came out of it.
Yeah.
Yeah, I guess it did.
I should get going.
Yeah.
I’m late for rounds.
It’s good to have you back.
[ Woman On P.A.,
Indistinct ]
[ Electronic Beeping ]
[ TV, Indistinct ]
I’m gonna need the truck.
Why can’t you take the wagon?
We’re three months behind.
I gotta lock it in
the garage or they’ll
repo it while I’m at work.
I don’t know how
to get in front of this shit.
We’re getting
buried here, Donna.
Hank, I’ll pick up
some weekend work.
You’ll get
that pay bump soon.
We’re gonna make it
through this, baby.
I promise.
Yeah.
We’ll figure it out.
[ Sniffs ]
Shouldn’t you
be at the mill?
I’m on my way.
I gotta ask a favor.
Well, what’s up?
Three months behind
on Donna’s car payment.
They’re gonna repo it.
Now, I hate doing this–
If you’re gonna ask me for
money, I can’t help you.
I just made the quarterly
insurance payments.
I’m gonna be tapped until
the end of next month, okay?
Look, I’m sorry, Son.
That’s all right.
Thanks, Pop.
Hey. Clay...
is making a protection run
tonight for Unser.
It’s low-profile shit.
You ride along, scare off
the bad guys, huh?
I think I’m on
Clay’s shit list.
Doubt he’d put me on it.
Well, then why don’t you
make it right?
I don’t know.
I don’t know what
the hell’s wrong with you.
Why don’t you quit whining,
grow a dick,
and take care
of your business?
Jimmy Cacuzza called.
The Italians want
to place an order.
I didn’t know what to say.
How about,
"The store burned down.
- They missed the fire sale"?
- Well, I talked
to Otto’s sister,
and Lodi forensic
team will be here
first thing in the morning.
And the shit keeps piling
on my head.
Only one thing is gonna stop
that Lodi forensics team...
from getting
to our warehouse,
and that’s another murder
in Lodi.
- Yup.
- I don’t know.
Hale’s on red alert.
Mayans, Nords–
Everyone’s
twitchy as hell, man.
It’s not a good time
to kill–
It’s never a good time.
We’re talking about
protecting Tig and staying
out of A.T.F.’s crosshairs.
We hit the projects.
We find ourselves
a scumbag, a dealer–
We should off
a couple of Nords, Clay,
is what we should do.
All right? We should
just do that, and then
dump the bodies in Lodi.
It buys us some time
to get those Mexicans
out of the hole.
It sends a message to Darby.
Kill two birds with one Crow.
Very clever. With the cops
eyeballing the warehouse?
Doesn’t matter.
- Doesn’t matter.
- I’ll handle that.
You set it up.
Hey.
What if I could do this
without spilling blood?
Look, this isn’t me
tripping some guilt shit
because of my kid.
This is about one of us
thinking straight.
Brains before bullets, right?
Let’s hear it.
All we need for a murder are
bodies and a crime scene.
Jackie boy, now you lost me.
Skeeter– He’s always got
more gambling debt
than he can handle.
I’ll make it
worth his while.
- The cemetery guy?
- Cash for cadavers.
Like it.
I give Lodi a front-page murder.
We don’t stir up
another shit storm
to bite us in the ass.
- What about educating Darby?
- I’ll figure that out.
The important thing
is to keep your D.N.A.
out of the petri dish–
Protect the club.
Path of least resistance
always best, right?
We’ll do it your way, V.P.
All right.
Don’t make me regret this.
They really
cremate bodies here?
Yeah, we do.
Hey, guys. What’s–
What’s going on?
We need a favor,
Skeeter.
Christ, man.
Now is not a good time.
I got a new supervisor
crawling up my ass.
- Come on.
- [ Jax ] Relax.
Not here to make a deposit.
Actually, it’s a withdrawal.
We need two bodies, fresh.
You serious?
For what?
Well, I could tell you,
but then I’d have to stuff you
in the furnace.
[ Chuckles ]
Two dead ones. That’s–
That’s crazy shit, man.
I’m sure you took a beating
at Golden Gate this weekend.
No. I-I stopped
the ponies, man.
I stopped it all.
Gamblers Anonymous.
Three-Three–
Three months now.
You’re kidding.
You don’t want the money?
- I’m working a program,
you know?
- Jesus Christ.
Something you might
be able to get for me.
What’s that?
Emily Duncan.
She’s one of our
Friday night whores.
She loves a good punch up
her knickers.
Yeah. No kidding!
I’ve been trying to push up
on that for a long time.
You want to hook up with a
Crow-eater, I’ll make it happen.
Really? Shit.
Well, you got a deal.
I, uh–
I’m not cremating anything
until the end of the week.
We need two by tonight.
Well, I’m prepping
a closed coffin.
Some phone guy took a header
off the top of the pole.
White guy?
Yeah.
I’ll take it.
Need a Mexican guy too.
Buried one this morning.
Cheap seats.
Should still be fresh.
You mean that
we gotta dig it up?
Who said anything about "we"?
This is so wrong, man.
This is so wrong.
♪♪ [ Radio: Mexican Pop ]
Hey, Darby.
Here. I got you a tamale.
I never should’ve led you
to their gun warehouse.
I knew that stealing those
M4s was a bad move.
None of my moves are bad.
I lost my best guy,
niggers got their gats back,
and you’re out three men
and a warehouse.
What the hell
would you call it?
Insurance covers the warehouse.
And I’ve always been about
survival of the fittest.
Well, if any of Clay’s guys
recognized Whistler,
they’re gonna
come at me, hard.
We need
to combine forces now.
Strike first.
Let the asshole sweat.
Spin a little doom
about what they saw.
We’ll learn
from their next move.
Their next move is gonna
be putting a bullet
in my goddamn dome.
Now we made a deal.
We work to–
Our deal...
was me getting the guns
Sam Crow keeps feeding
my competition.
I get the gats,
I cross the Niners.
Starting a war’s not smart.
I got a news flash
for you, La Bamba.
I don’t give a shit about
some wetback-nigger beef.
Now, the only reason
that I’m at this table...
is because I need muscle...
to push the Sons of Anarchy
the hell out of Charming.
Now, you comprende that?
I’ll give you some guys
to watch your back
in case they retaliate,
but we’ve got to let
this shit settle down
before we make our next move.
And don’t worry.
We’ll both get what we want.
Where’s my goddamn Suburban?
♪♪ [ Radio: R&B ]
Who the hell is that?
That, me ol’ mucker,
is 130 pounds
of hog-riding giggety.
Hey, Jax.
Hey.
Uh, Chibs said
you were looking for me.
I’m Emily.
Right!
Shit. Sorry. Come in.
Sit down.
Nice room.
[ Laughs ]
Yeah.
So I need you to do a favor
for the club, Emily.
Really? Sure.
I mean, what do you need?
What can I do?
You know Skeeter, right?
Yeah.
That guy’s been trying
to get in my pants
since high school.
I need you to let him in.
Are you serious?
Dude, that guy
burns dead bodies.
He creeps
the shit out of me.
I know.
But we need Skeeter
to do us a good deed–
Mm-hmm.
and the only thing
he wants in return...
is the hand of beautiful...
Emily Duncan.
[ Exhales ]
I’m not some whore.
Come on.
It’ll be our secret.
[ Chuckling ]
Yeah.
Cross my heart.
I need you, Emily.
Oh, boy.
Mmm.
You do me, I do him.
Fair enough.
[ Chuckles ]
Do me a favor?
What you need?
Put your coat on.
[ Laughs ]
I’m all about
the service, darlin’.
♪ Find another man
in another place ♪
Yee-haw!
♪ I’ll throw that stuff
right back in your face ♪
♪ Sure enough I would
Oh, yeah ♪♪
[ Shovel Clanks ]
[ Grunts ]
That’s great. That’s great.
Not only do you stink,
but you’re a fat bastard too.
Hey!
Beware the zombie bikers!
Jesus Christ. You scared
the piss out of me.
[ Laughs ]
[ Laughing ]
Who’s your friend?
Hate this shit.
It’s really bad karma,
you know, digging up
a grave, man.
Nah. As long as it’s not
your grave, karma’s just fine.
So how we gonna
get him out?
I think we’re gonna
need a tow truck.
Jesus Christ.
These guys stink.
We’ll leave Darby
some good dead Mexican stench.
Dude, look, I tell them
I lost it in battle.
All they want to do is wrap
their patriotic lips
around it.
- [ Tires Squealing ]
- Shit!
Get that asshole!
You know, he made me
spill my beer!
Gemma.
Abel seems better.
Stronger.
Yeah.
He is a lucky kid.
Both he and his mom escaped
death on the same night.
Yeah.
I heard about Wendy.
Very sad.
I can’t say I’m surprised.
Guess you wouldn’t be.
- Something on your mind?
- No. Something
weighing on yours?
Junkie tell you something?
No. She’s still sedated.
But I talked to her
after that baby was born.
She was crushed.
She hated herself,
but she wanted to live.
No, somebody else popped her
with that needle.
Or, at the very least,
gave her the loaded gun.
Guess you think
I’m that somebody?
Guess I was the one
shooting it into
her fingers and toes...
the whole goddamn time
she was pregnant too?
No. That sin’s on her.
If I were a cop,
I’d call that motive.
Well, thank God
you’re only a doctor.
We’ll see what Wendy says
when she comes out of detox.
Or maybe I’ll
bounce my theory off of Jax.
See where he lands on it.
That’s how you’re gonna
win back his heart?
Accusing his mother of trying
to murder his ex-wife?
Come on.
You are smarter than that.
I am not trying
to win back anybody.
No?
Then why did you
come back to Charming?
Because of the job.
Which one?
Doctor or detective?
[ Exhales ]
You still think...
you can just say
or do anything you want
in this town, don’t you?
Everything
comes around, Gemma.
No one is untouchable.
You want to touch me,
sweetheart?
That make you happy?
[ Elevator Bell Dings ]
You’re an idiot. It’s not gay.
I’ve been shaving
my shit for years.
- Oh, it’s totally gay.
- Whatever.
- Oh, shit.
- Aw, shit.
- [ Siren Blaring ]
- Shit. He spotted
the smashed front end.
Cops run those bogus plates,
they’re gonna search
that S.U.V. from top to bottom.
We got two dead bodies
in there, man.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
Lodi’s got a sky team.
We’ll never get away,
not in this piece of shit.
Put the gun away.
- What’s up?
- [ Tires Squealing ]
Jesus Christ! Hey!
Hey! Get back here!
[ Juice ]
Come on, piggy.
Come on!
[ Chibs ]
Run, prospect. Run!
Get in, you faggots!
- Run, baby, run!
- Run, boys! Get in!
[ Shouting ]
Bye, copper! Bye!
Here.
Thanks.
I haven’t had a chance
to talk to you much...
since you got
out of the joint.
Not much to say.
You know what it’s like.
Takes a while to adjust.
Yeah.
Hear Donna’s having
a rough time of it.
I think it was
easier for her
when I was inside.
She knew
what to do then.
Gets that way.
Sometimes the people we love
just don’t know
the right move.
Crippled by all the shit
they’re afraid of.
Donna’s not crippled.
She’s pissed.
How about you, Ope?
You pissed?
I mean, guys get locked up,
they resent the loss of freedom.
Start doubting
choices they made–
the right and wrong of it all.
I got no resentments.
Attaboy.
Yo. Uncle Jimmy called.
[ Groans ]
♪♪ [ Jukebox, Faint: Rock ]
♪ You know I love you, baby ♪
I just got a heads-up
about a hijack zone.
Where?
Coleman off-ramp.
Uh, think we should go
around the back way,
take 101 instead.
You sure you guys know
where the hell you’re going?
You sound like my wife.
♪ All over, baby ♪
♪ End of the line
Rollin’ on ♪♪
[ Jax ]
Okay, bring it forward.
A little more. A little more.
Whoa!
Good.
Oh, that sounded nasty!
Oh, Jesus.
Someone call Green Peace.
We’re saving a Mexican whale.
[ Laughing ]
[ Grunts ]
Come on, Shamu.
Oh, God.
- Okay.
- [ Groaning ]
[ Horn Honks ]
[ Indistinct ]
Okay.
Ah.
Juice!
Get the blood.
Come on!
[ Jax ]
Make it look real!
[ Chibs ]
You ain’t icing
a cake, prospect.
It’s a crime scene.
Let’s go!
[ Half Sack ]
I know. I know.
Yeah.
All right, let’s do it.
[ Juice ]
What a beautiful thing!
All right, plant the gun.
I’ll leave the message.
All right, let’s go!
[ Chuckling ]
Circuit City,
kiss my guinea ass.
I can move this whole load
for you in two days.
Good.
Fifty-fifty?
Aaah, just throw me 10%.
It’s my little gift to you.
We had a little setback with
the business.
Yeah. We heard rumors.
Wetbacks, right?
Yeah.
It might be a minute
before we’re up and running.
I’d appreciate it if you...
and some of the other crews
would be a little patient,
give us some time
to get on our feet...
before you found
another distributor.
We might need
to go elsewhere
in the short term.
But I’ll let the boys know.
They don’t do any big gun
business with anyone
except the Sons, hmm?
Thanks, Jimmy.
Yeah.
Make it fall
off the truck, boys.
You knew all this
was going down?
Well, I had it in the works,
but I wasn’t sure
till I got the call.
Well, what about
your deal with Unser?
We’re supposed
to protect the cargo.
Chief Unser
needed a wake-up call.
We needed a goodwill gesture.
It’ll all work out.
You wanted in, right?
Yeah, I did.
♪♪ [ Radio: Rock ]
Wait a minute.
You see what I see?
[ Chibs ] Aye.
That’s that douche bag
that cut us off.
[ Tires Screeching ]
Been a very long night,
brother.
Come on.
Won’t take long.
Yo. Pass me one of those
Hostess "Dumb Dicks."
[ Groans ]
[ Clerk ]
Hey! Hey!
What are you doing?
[ Groaning ]
Don’t ever cut me off again,
shithead.
What are you doing?
Hey! My store!
This is my store!
What are you doing?
Hey, what are you–
Hey!
Why don’t you come
at me now, asshole?
[ Screaming ]
- [ Yelling ]
- Jax! Jax!
Let me get a shot!
Aaaah!
[ Whimpering ]
You okay, Jackie boy?
Holy shit.
What the hell
happened out there?
O’Brien Electronics
is my biggest account.
Probably the last time they’ll
use Unser Trucking to transport
their precious cargo.
What are you doing, Clay?
Just keeping a good cop
on the job is all.
You don’t step down
for another six months.
You let us rebuild.
And keep Hale
off my goddamn back.
If I say no?
Then I’ll make sure every
truck leaves this yard
hits a roadblock.
Where’s my driver?
Oh, he’s
getting patched up.
We convinced him to keep
this incident in-house.
Jesus Christ.
This how you treat
an old friend?
No. This is how
I treat an old cop.
I’m sorry,
Miss Winston.
We can’t take
your checks anymore.
The last two bounced.
Okay. I, uh–
I’ll just pay cash.
Oh.
What’s this?
The rest of your groceries.
Opie’s out now.
We don’t need
any more charity.
Thanks.
It was never charity, Donna.
It’s what we do.
You’re family.
I have my family back.
I don’t need yours.
Look.
I know what
you went through.
Been there–
with two husbands.
[ Exhales ]
Lose your man.
Kids lose their dad.
You get pissed off.
Want to blame the club.
But Sam Crow is not the enemy.
It’s the glue–
The one thing
that will always be there...
to pull you through
the ugly shit.
Gotta stop fighting us, Donna.
You need us.
I married Opie.
I didn’t marry the club.
You have no idea
what I need.
Donna.
We’re having a little
family dinner tonight.
You and Ope should come.
Bring the kids.
You might actually
have a good time.
Don’t say anything else.
My Martha Stewart’s
wearing real thin.
You know where we live.
[ Bell Dings ]
[ Man On TV, Faint ]
Why did you pull my detail
off the warehouse?
I was paying overtime
for six unis...
to sit on a 20 that’s not
even in our jurisdiction.
This is my case,
and overtime is not
really your concern anymore.
Afraid it is.
Not stepping down yet.
What are you talking about?
That’s already done.
No, it’s not.
Gave city council a heads up.
I’ll be keeping the badge
for another six months.
What the hell
are you doing, Unser?
Right now, getting a haircut.
Bullshit.
You’ve always been
in Sam Crow’s pocket.
This is about me–
Stop talking, son.
One more wrong
thing comes out of our mouth,
and I’ll rip that badge
off your puffed-out chest.
[ Bell Dings ]
Sorry, Floyd.
That boy needs a hot shave.
Yes, he does.
[ John Teller’s Voice ]
"Most of us were
not violent by nature.
"We all had our problems
with authority,
"but none of us
were sociopaths.
"We came to realize that
when you move your life
off the social grid,
"you give up the safety
that society provides.
"On the fringe,
"blood and bullets
are the rule of law,
"and if you’re a man
with convictions,
violence is inevitable."
I hope they looked better
than this when they blew ya.
A little.
Jax?
Jesus, it smells like
old socks and pussy in here.
Oh. Hey, darlin’.
They’re having a sale
on toiletries,
- so I picked you up
some "thangs."
- Thanks, Mom.
You okay, baby?
You look exhausted.
- [ Exhales ]
Long night.
- Mmm.
That your dad’s stuff
you found in storage?
Yeah.
Hmm.
Some pictures,
a few Harley manuals.
Bunch of Nam shit.
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, wow.
’80s hair.
How hot was I?
Smokin’ hot.
You said you read something?
A few journal entries.
Nothing much.
Oh. I’d love to read it.
Your father– He was
a real good writer.
Always had a knack for it.
You know, I’m the one
who bought him
that old Selectric.
- Didn’t know that.
- Yeah.
[ Man ]
Jax! Clay wants you!
Custom job.
[ Mouthing Words ]
Unser’s not retiring.
What did you do?
Threaten to rape his daughter?
That’s a little harsh.
Maybe the old man’s
not ready for the gold watch.
Just got back from
that Bluebird warehouse.
There were two dead women
in the utility hatch...
before my guys got
pulled off. They’re gone.
They could’ve been napping.
You guys.
Cruising around here
like heroes.
But you and I
know the truth.
What truth is that?
You’re white trash thugs
holding onto a dying dream.
Oh, that is so poetic, Chief.
Oh! I’m sorry.
I guess it’s just Deputy Chief.
Right?
It doesn’t matter
if I’m chief or not.
You can’t stop progress.
It won’t be long
before Sam Crow...
is just an ugly memory
in the history of Charming.
So you enjoy the ride
while you still can.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
You go get rid
of those bodies.
Yeah. A’ight.
Should we say a prayer
or something?
You know any Bible passages
about lost semen?
[ Slaps ]
Uh, may the ray–
ray of sunshine
warm your souls.
Amen.
Let’s roll.
♪ Billy Ray
was a preacher’s son ♪
♪ When his daddy would visit
he’d come along ♪
♪ When they’d gather
round the parlor talkin’ ♪
♪ That’s when Billy
would take me walkin’ ♪
♪ Through the backyard
we’d go walkin’ ♪
♪ Then he’d look
into my eyes ♪
♪ Lord knows
and my surprise ♪
♪ That the only one
who could ever reach me ♪
♪ Was the son
of a preacher man ♪
♪ The only boy
who could ever teach me ♪
♪ Was the son
of a preacher man ♪
♪ Yes, he was
Ooh, he was ♪
♪ Yeah, he was ♪
♪ The only one
who could ever reach me ♪
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
♪ Was the son
of a preacher man ♪
♪ The only boy
who could ever teach me ♪
♪ Was the son
of a preacher man ♪
♪ Yes, he was
Ooh, he was ♪
♪ Yeah, he was ♪
[ Engine Revving ]
♪ Bein’ good
isn’t always easy ♪
♪ No matter how hard I try ♪
♪ When he started
sweet-talkin’ to me ♪
♪ Come and tell me
Everything is all right ♪
♪ Baby, baby
everything is all right ♪
♪ Can I get away
again tonight ♪
♪ The only one
who could ever teach me ♪
♪ Was the son
of a preacher man ♪
♪ The only boy
who could ever teach me ♪
♪ Was the son
of a preacher man ♪
♪ Yes, he was
Lord, he was ♪
♪ Oh, he was ♪
♪ The only boy
who could ever reach me ♪
Jax? Jax? I need some corn.
♪ Was the son
of a preacher man ♪
♪ The only boy
who could ever teach me ♪
♪ Was the son
of a preacher man ♪
♪ Yes, he was
Oh, he was ♪
♪ Oh, he was ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ He was the sweet-talkin’
son of a preacher man ♪
♪ The only one
who could ever reach me ♪
♪ Was the son
of a preacher man ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪♪